{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww12000\viewh15840\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs20 \cf0 Computer Games Tech\
Project 1 - Milestone 4: Final Handins\
\
Joe Kohlmann\
Tessa Verbruggen\
\
\
1) How happy are you with the game you produced?\
\
Pretty happy. We love the game design and are happy with our flocking algorithm. Right now the cool part is mainly in the setting, graphics and audio, aka 'the look and feel'. We could probably make the actual game play a little more fun though. As it is right now though, we definitely enjoy playing (with) it.\
\
\
2) If you had another week, how might your game have been better?\
\
- Add 1 or 2 extra special boids.\
- Spend some more time playtesting and tweaking the game so the gameplay is perfected/even more fun.\
- Add some extra sounds.\
- There is (quite a lot of) room for improvement in the efficiency of the flocking algorithm, although it's not necessary for the current gameplay.\
\
- Peacemaker > Drama Queens\
- Levels: introduce one by one\
"insulting levels" \'97 bonus levels where you have see how many people you can insult or escape the level alive\
	\
\
3) Describe your design/development process. What went right/wrong? How did you divide up the tasks?\
\
We started out with implementing the flocking algorithm (together), which went pretty quick. We continued to add changable settings. Pretty quick Joe had an idea about what game it should be that we were both happy with, so the 'design phase' wasn't really a phase. When we started changing the flocking into a game, we started dividing tasks. We created a list of things that should be done shortterm and longterm and we would both pick something from the list whenever we were done with something. Joe did most of the webpage-related Javascripting (sound, sliders for settings, the tutorial, ...) and created the graphics. Tessa did most of the game-related behaviour (special characters, winning/losing, angry/neutral/attracted, ...).  \
We should probably have started the 'game' phase earlier. It turned out quite a lot was done in the last week (probably not entirely necessary for the assignment, but needed for actually making the game fun). As Tessa didn't have that much time in the last few days it turned out Joe did more work in the last days.\
\
\
4) What would you have done differently? (or will you do differently next time)\
\
- Take more time for making the toy a game.\
- In a larger scale project: detail the gameplay more before implementing it. Right now we found out the details while going along which is fine for such a small scale game. In a larger project/larger group that might not work that well though.\
\
\
5) If we give this assignment again next year, what should we (the course staff) do differently to improve the experience for the students?\
\
- Make us finish flocking a bit earlier so we have more time for the game. (Which is pretty doable but we just didn't do). Possibly make us deliver a design document but probably not.\
Three more days after play testing to refine based on play test feedback.\
\
6) What might we not appreciate about your game, if we grade it simply by playing it and looking at the code?\
\
- How suave Boris is.\
- There are no options to interactively tweak flocking right now.\
}